README.md, before:

# Laravel + Nuxt UI Starter Kit

## Introduction

Nuxt UI starter kit provides a robust, modern starting point for building Laravel applications with a Vue frontend using [Inertia](https://inertiajs.com).

Inertia allows you to build modern, single-page Vue applications using classic server-side routing and controllers. This lets you enjoy the frontend power of Vue combined with the incredible backend productivity of Laravel and lightning-fast Vite compilation.

This Vue starter kit utilizes Vue 3 and the Composition API, TypeScript, and the [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com) component library.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
>  This starter kit currently uses Nuxt UI Pro, which is free to use in development but requires a commercial license when deploying to production.
>
> NuxtLabs has [announced](https://nuxtlabs.com/) that it has been acquired by Vercel and that, in **September 2025**, it will release **Nuxt UI v4** — a free, open-source library that unifies Nuxt UI and Nuxt UI Pro. Once v4 is released, this starter kit will be updated to use it, removing the need for a Nuxt UI Pro license in production.

## What's inside?

This starter kit is based on [laravel/vue-starter-kit](https://github.com/laravel/vue-starter-kit) and includes the following features:

- Authentication pages:
    - Login
    - Register
    - Forgot Password
    - Reset Password
    - Confirm Password
    - Verify Email
- Dashboard page
- Settings pages:
    - Profile
    - Password
    - Appearance

## Installation

You can set up this starter kit in two ways:

### Option 1: Install via Laravel Herd

One-click installation with [Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com):

<a href="https://herd.laravel.com/new?starter-kit=sti3bas/laravel-nuxt-ui-starter-kit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20with%20Herd-fff?logo=laravel&logoColor=f53003" alt="Install with Herd"></a>

### Option 2: Install via Laravel Installer

Create a new Laravel application using the official [Laravel Installer](https://laravel.com/docs/12.x/starter-kits#community-maintained-starter-kits):

```bash
laravel new my-app --using=sti3bas/laravel-nuxt-ui-starter-kit
```

## Screenshots

![Welcome](.github/screenshots/light/welcome.png)
![Login](.github/screenshots/light/login.png)
![Dashboard](.github/screenshots/light/dashboard.png)
![Profile settings](.github/screenshots/light/profile-settings.png)
![Password settings](.github/screenshots/light/password-settings.png)
![Appearance settings](.github/screenshots/light/appearance-settings.png)

<details>
<summary>Dark mode</summary>

![Welcome](.github/screenshots/dark/welcome.png)
![Login](.github/screenshots/dark/login.png)
![Dashboard](.github/screenshots/dark/dashboard.png)
![Profile settings](.github/screenshots/dark/profile-settings.png)
![Password settings](.github/screenshots/dark/password-settings.png)
![Appearance settings](.github/screenshots/dark/appearance-settings.png)

</details>

## License

The Laravel + Nuxt UI starter kit is open-sourced software licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Update to Nuxt UI v4-alpha

README.md, after:

# Laravel + Nuxt UI Starter Kit

## Introduction

Nuxt UI starter kit provides a robust, modern starting point for building Laravel applications with a Vue frontend using [Inertia](https://inertiajs.com).

Inertia allows you to build modern, single-page Vue applications using classic server-side routing and controllers. This lets you enjoy the frontend power of Vue combined with the incredible backend productivity of Laravel and lightning-fast Vite compilation.

This Vue starter kit utilizes Vue 3 and the Composition API, TypeScript, and the [Nuxt UI](https://ui.nuxt.com) component library.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> Nuxt UI v4 is currently in alpha and **not ready for production use**. You can track its progress here: https://github.com/nuxt/ui/issues/4488

## What's inside?

This starter kit is based on [laravel/vue-starter-kit](https://github.com/laravel/vue-starter-kit) and includes the following features:

- Authentication pages:
    - Login
    - Register
    - Forgot Password
    - Reset Password
    - Confirm Password
    - Verify Email
- Dashboard page
- Settings pages:
    - Profile
    - Password
    - Appearance

## Installation

You can set up this starter kit in two ways:

### Option 1: Install via Laravel Herd

One-click installation with [Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com):

<a href="https://herd.laravel.com/new?starter-kit=sti3bas/laravel-nuxt-ui-starter-kit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Install%20with%20Herd-fff?logo=laravel&logoColor=f53003" alt="Install with Herd"></a>

### Option 2: Install via Laravel Installer

Create a new Laravel application using the official [Laravel Installer](https://laravel.com/docs/12.x/starter-kits#community-maintained-starter-kits):

```bash
laravel new my-app --using=sti3bas/laravel-nuxt-ui-starter-kit:2.0.0-alpha
```

## Screenshots

![Welcome](.github/screenshots/light/welcome.png)
![Login](.github/screenshots/light/login.png)
![Dashboard](.github/screenshots/light/dashboard.png)
![Profile settings](.github/screenshots/light/profile-settings.png)
![Password settings](.github/screenshots/light/password-settings.png)
![Appearance settings](.github/screenshots/light/appearance-settings.png)

<details>
<summary>Dark mode</summary>

![Welcome](.github/screenshots/dark/welcome.png)
![Login](.github/screenshots/dark/login.png)
![Dashboard](.github/screenshots/dark/dashboard.png)
![Profile settings](.github/screenshots/dark/profile-settings.png)
![Password settings](.github/screenshots/dark/password-settings.png)
![Appearance settings](.github/screenshots/dark/appearance-settings.png)

</details>

## License

The Laravel + Nuxt UI starter kit is open-sourced software licensed under the MIT license.
